they out Radames Wow
look wow that's a nice bag so what's
inside the bag what's that a Mega Bloks
Thomas another Mega Bloks Thomas that's
Victor Victor wooden railway hmm Wow
what's that
Wow for Maya a pink Thomas t-shirt for
Maya you want to open it I'll ask mommy
I mean to unbox it for you my ad that's
a very nice shirt
Wow I see Thomas Percy will see Toby
Emily James and Belle mega bloks Thomas
I want to see Victor let me see Victor
Wow Victor wooden Railway but then I
open it and fold the paper its Victoire
boys and girls whoo
Victor Victor fix the engines
Wow what's that collectors checklist Wow
nice oh yeah I don't know
just check the expression paper what cat
oh just like that seats all you have to
do is to put the speaker on it wait Maya
wait here all right
and last one the other side that's on
the end there you go my let me see
and this black oh yeah you forgot the
the back
Oh
there you go Beatriz summers Maya that's
a very very nice shirt Maya what I don't
like it I thought you liked it yeah
she's tired yeah she's tired but yeah I
bet she likes it it's just that she's
very tired and cranky like cranky the
crane there you go 2013 collector
checklist yes I wonder I wonder ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding I got
in the back
how's it bad alright what I learned that
day VHS Sarah oh that one the ding ding
ding ding I ran out another one alright
well you you want everything William ah
you like everything you want everything
what happened Viktor Viktor got tangled
up
what Viktor in trouble Vic on its help
Victor got tangled up there you go thank
you for helping Viktor
you
my is going to watch the speakable me
part to her first movie experience and
who Leone do bullying's first movie
experience
nice nice Maya next on first book
another day begins and the amazing world
of gumball from Cartoon Network